Docs 12197 update for asyncapi bsj (#170)
mulesoft/docs-design-center: modules/ROOT/pages/design-create-publish-api-specs.adoc

:imagesdir: ../assets/images
:page-aliases: general:getting-started:design-an-api.adoc, design-migrating-ms.adoc

> 

Reviewer: I suggest making the titles in this PR more robust: What _about_ API Designer?
If this is truly an overview, then you may use that term (although I find it pretty vague); if you can define the focus of the topic, that is better:
= Design <what?> Using the API Designer Web-Based Interface?

Reviewer: Later...now that I see the final subtopic in this set, I think that it should be adapted to be the topic introduction, and that the other subtopics be converted into a bullet list of what "you" can do with API Designer.

> API Designer provides a web-based interface for designing API specifications and fragments in:

Reviewer: Be sure that your intro text tells what this is and why "you" want to use it, to accomplish what goals.
Active voice, direct address.

Author: Thanks, Kim. As we discussed in the Slack chat, this is a legacy topic that I simply updated to add the AsyncAPI support. I had to make minor edits to make the text work, but otherwise did not edit the topic. I will open a Jira issue to address the organization and style suggestions so that we can address those separately from the AsyncAPI support additions.

* RESTful API Modeling Language (RAML) version 0.8 or 1.0
* OpenAPI specification (OAS) version 2.0 or 3.0
* AsyncAPI 2.0

> == Designing

Reviewer: Designing _what_?
And _only_ designing?
Historically, we have not used gerunds in our titles; I am hoping we can change that for non-task topics

== Documenting

> 

Reviewer: ditto: Documenting _what_?

These read more like list items than subtopics.

> As you add descriptions in your specifications and fragments, you can view them in auto-generated, interactive documentation in the right pane of the text editor.

Reviewer: Per term list:
```suggestion
As you add descriptions in your specifications and fragments, you can view them in autogenerated, interactive documentation in the right pane of the text editor.
```

== Testing

> 

Reviewer: ditto prev. title comments

> You can use the mocking service for RAML or OAS APIs to:

Reviewer: Have we introduced the mocking service? Does your audience already understand how it works?

> == How API Designer Relates to Other MuleSoft Products

Reviewer: This is a robust title. 
Try to make all titles at the same hierarchical level parallel.

> API Designer is an integral part of the MuleSoft API-led approach to integrating applications. The following diagram shows how the API specifications that you write in API Designer can be used in other MuleSoft products.

Reviewer: This reads like the text that should start off this topic set: it tells what API Designer is and how "you" use it.

image::apid-system-overview.png[Diagram of MuleSoft product relationships]

The diagram shows how:

> * A specification writer uses API Designer to design API specifications and RAML fragments. 

Reviewer: Is "a specification writer" a person or a product feature?
I've never seen this phrase used to describe a person's role.

* RAML specifications can use assets that are hosted in Exchange. 
* The specification writer can publish iterations and final versions to Anypoint Exchange.

> * From Exchange, the specification can be imported into Anypoint Studio and Flow Designer as a RESTful connector, or into API Manager. 

Reviewer: See style guide section about modal verbs and think about restating these without "can."

> * From Exchange, the specification can be imported into Anypoint Studio and Flow Designer as a RESTful connector, or into API Manager. 

Reviewer: Reword Line 57 to avoid passive voice and to be parallel with peer list items.
